The President:
Hi, everybody.
At a moment when our
businesses are creating jobs
at the fastest pace since
the 1990s, we've still got
to do everything we can to
help workers and businesses
succeed in the new
economy - one that's
competitive, connected,
and changing every day.
One thing we know for
certain about businesses
in the 21st century is that
they'll need to sell more
goods and services Made
in America to the rest
of the world.
Now, our businesses already
sell goods and services
in other countries
at record levels.
Our farmers, our
factory workers,
and our small businesses
are exporting more
than ever before -
and exporters tend
to pay their workers
higher wages.
More small businesses
are using the internet
to grow their business by
reaching new customers
they couldn't
reach before, too.
As an example, nine in ten
American small businesses
that use eBay as a platform
to sell their products
are exporters - with customers
in more than 30 different
countries on average.
But there's a lot
of room for growth.
After all, 95% of the
world's potential
customers live
outside our borders.
Many of them live in the
Asia-Pacific - the world's
fastest-growing region.
And as we speak, China
is trying to write
the rules for trade in
the 21st century.
That would put our workers
and our businesses
at a massive disadvantage.
We can't let that happen.
We should write
those rules.
That's why Congress
should act on something
called "trade
promotion authority."
This is bipartisan
legislation that would
protect American workers,
and promote American
businesses, with strong
new trade deals from Asia
to Europe that aren't just
free, but are fair.
It would level the playing
field for American workers.
It would hold all countries
to the same high labor and
environmental standards to
which we hold ourselves.
Now, I'm the first to admit
that past trade deals
haven't always lived
up to the hype.
And that's why we've
successfully gone after
countries that break the rules
at our workers' expense.
But that doesn't mean we
should close ourselves
off from new opportunities,
and sit on the sidelines
while other countries
write our future for us.
We should seize
those opportunities.
We should make sure the
future is written by us.
And if we do, we won't
just keep creating good
new jobs for decades to
come - we'll make sure that
this century is another
all-American century.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.